yes we love we got one tech TV you can i
will talk my mind sadler would she
partly done okay let me start from the
store when i fix up for my boss in the
char it done no I'm austere dark when i
go deeper coughing up scores but you
know me I'm hardly the store still hold
it up their office at all the of the
Matt Matt hunter be on chocolate on top
off for the poor posture Boston haha
jajja Barker and i'ma pop rock of our
parsley lee thomas / and emily caiganle
in this star innovation not fate him
play in a show man debating spare your
hotbar even more deadly tasting racing
from the start boarding you're chasing
hating down her only get face it stating
that about all of the basics but more
flow up and alone of goes at a real so
slow to below what cuz you download at a
motel i'm so fucked n you know that I'm
so rolled a catan drop and evolve in
that the talk to the pawn shop know what
look I don't really care when I when I
sing about me cuz when a spring nobody
that's me muffler sweet or will he snap
to you trying to get the crosses and
flows at a chat beats stop any the guns
are bussed FP you wait it into some shit
up a thief you waited under some sort of
trap II give a lady for backstreet I'm a
crazy boy gladly take anybody down with
a fan telling me I'm not ready the town
and get down lapper but here we go again
it's like you Jenna say uh don't belong
it's not in lock I'm trying to say the
stockings on top leaders check on yo
wait for the next drop once again we got
one tech TV all my mind trust me like
myself ease mids north on stomach look
look look so man that before you stay
now with app and independent boss you
get back down with the max out button or
diga pack down because of right now but
in all that I shout out I'm killing the
time so don't find out the humping your
mind let you signed out Ivy League
around some a crime while I'm living a
bad i'm at my cow just give me the mac
on my back down on illegal to think
about enemy or converted in a vitamin
better to free but are we let them
better than your whole second one geez
to come on bring out the veggie man
please that's where the door farm I did
with with ease I'm on top elephant speak
speaks or nice elegant speech
I spend last